Maria Ines Aranguren
March 22, 2016
Lab 7/8 Report

Time Log:
1 Hr in week of March 7th during lab
1 Hr March 8 - Browsed internet to adapt to project change and met with team
0.5 Hr over Spring break
1.5 Hrs March 20 - read about SDL and wored on tutorials
5 Hrs March 21 - met briefly with Prof Emrich about questions regarding 
compilation and worked on tutorials 
Total time: 9 Hrs


How my program works:
Firsly, the program defines mouse clicks and provides some functionality to the 
texture wrapper class. The render function uses an input of an angle to determine 
the rotation of the image shown. Then, I included a class to represent a button. 
This includes a call to handle mouse events. I initially wanted to make it so 
that the image would move to wherever the mouse was clicked but then decided to 
make the program so that the image would shift with keyboard presses. Either way, 
the program needs to handle input events the same way. After these class 
definitions, there's some lines of code that starts up SDL, loads media, and gets 
the windows open and also has some checks that will display errors in case that 
something is wrong. Also in my main, I made a while loop that runs until the user 
quits the program. This loop includes a switch case that checks what kind of 
mouse or keyboard event took place and assigns degrees of angles accordingly for 
the image to be moved. Also, it detects mouse clicks and prints "Don't tickle 
me." For the image to move and rotate, my render function includes an input for 
angle and also recalculates x and y position.


What I've learned:
I was able to achieve all the tasks I listed in my rubric. I think that 
working through the tutorials was definitely a good start to getting going on 
this project because graphics will be very important in my project. Moreover, 
with the program I made, I show how I played around with the lessons from 
tutorials to make something interesting. I think that making a makefile for 
these programs is also very important step. I had a hard time understanding 
how to compile and making sure that I was including everything I needed so 
now that I made a makefile, this will be easier.
I also made some progress with understanding and testing different ways to do 
the coding and use SDL. At first I had downloaded the libraries and planned 
working from my local computer. Then, I was advised to work on the student 
computers so I shifted to that and did so by SSHing in. Later on, when I was 
working on one of the rendering tutorials, I was having some trouble with 
loading the graphics and worked with Luke Garrison to figure it out. In the 
end, it seemed like there was some complications with running the programs by 
SSHing so I moved onto working on the computers in Fitz. Since that poses 
some limitations, I have been looking into how to do work from a virtual 
machine. I have ubuntu set up on my Virtual Box and might be doing that from 
now on.
Last but not least, I have learned a lot about graphics, how SDL works, and 
what kinds of features are feasible. I know that what I have done as of now 
is pretty basic but I'm sure it is setting me in the right direction for this 
project and I know that some important progress has been made.


Link to bitbucket: 
https://bitbucket.org/mariainesaranguren/cse20212-final-project


